Fixes #9564 - Document module version format (#9566)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/PowershellGet/Install-Module.md

override the warnings, use the `-Force` and `-AllowClobber` parameters. Dependent upon your
repository settings, you might need to answer a prompt for the module installation to continue.

> The parameters that take module version number take strings formatted as version numbers.

Author: ```suggestion
The parameters that take module version numbers expect strings formatted as version numbers.
```

- Standard version numbers have a format of `x.y.z` where x, y, and z are numbers
- Prerelease versions have a format of `x.y.z-<prerelease_label>` where the `<prerelease_label>` is

>   arbitrary string assigned to that release.

Reviewer: As above.

`Install-Module` downloads and installs the newest version of **PowerShellGet** into the current
user's directory, `$HOME\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\Modules`.

### Example 6: Install the latest prerelease version of a module

This example shows how to install the latest version of a module when that version is a prerelease
version. Installing a prerelease version requires the **AllowPrerelease** parameter.

```powershell
Install-Module -Name Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo -AllowPrerelease
```

Using this method you get the latest version available. If the latest version isn't a prerelease,
you get the latest stable version of the module.

### Example 7: Install a specific prerelease version of a module

This example shows how to install a specific prerelease version of a module. The `Find-Module`

> cmdlet can be used to find prerelease versions of modules in the PowerShell Gallery.

Reviewer: Nit: Suggest rewording to "You can use the `Find-Module`..."

> This example shows how to install a specific prerelease version of a module. The `Find-Module`
> cmdlet can be used to find prerelease versions of modules in the PowerShell Gallery.

Author: ```suggestion
This example shows how to install a specific prerelease version of a module. You can use the `Find-Module`
cmdlet to find prerelease versions of modules in the PowerShell Gallery.
```

### -Repository

> Use the **Repository** parameter to specify the name of repository from which to download and
> install a module. Used when multiple repositories are registered. Specifies the name of a registered

Reviewer: Not sure on the first sentence. Maybe:

```suggestion
Use the **Repository** parameter to specify the name of the repository to download and
install a module from. Used when multiple repositories are registered. Specifies the name of a registered
```

Specifies the installation scope of the module. The acceptable values for this parameter are
**AllUsers** and **CurrentUser**.

The **AllUsers** scope installs modules in a location that's accessible to all users of the
computer:

`$env:ProgramFiles\WindowsPowerShell\Modules`

The **CurrentUser** installs modules in a location that's accessible only to the current user of
the computer. For example:

`$HOME\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\Modules`

When no **Scope** is defined, the default is set based on the PowerShellGet version.

> - In PowerShellGet versions 2.0.0 and above, the default is **CurrentUser**, which doesn't require

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In PowerShellGet version 2.0 and above, the default is **CurrentUser**, which doesn't require
```
